edits from Kirk (#93)
popsim-consortium/analysis2_manuscript: analysis2_manuscript.tex

    explaining its noisy estimates for all but the most recent time periods.

    To expand these observations to additional species and to highlight the ease of comparison enabled by \stdpopsim,

>     we performed a similar analysis using the vaquita porpoise \textit{Phocoena sinus}. The vaquita offers an intriguing contast to the demographic history of humans. While human poulations continue to expand, the vaquita is critically endangered, with only approxmiately 10 individauls remaining. Previous demogrpahic inference from genetic data \textcite{robinson2022critically} found a long-term effective popualtion size of 4,485 indiviuals which then decreased to 2,807 individuals 2,162 generations ago. The population then severley decreased even more to its current size in the last few generations. We simulated 100 genomes under a two-epoch demographic model inferred for vaquita by \textcite{robinson2022critically},

Reviewer: Note: I didn't put in the "10 individuals remaining" thing because the demographic model [doesn't include](https://popsim-consortium.github.io/stdpopsim-docs/stable/catalog.html#sec_catalog_PhoSin_models) this most recent bottleneck, so I thought it was a little misleading. Either way is fine by me though.

Spelling fixes:
```suggestion
    we performed a similar analysis using the vaquita porpoise \textit{Phocoena sinus}. The vaquita offers an intriguing contast to the demographic history of humans. While human poulations continue to expand, the vaquita is critically endangered, with only approxmiately 10 individauls remaining. Previous demographic inference from genetic data \textcite{robinson2022critically} found a long-term effective population size of 4,485 indiviuals which then decreased to 2,807 individuals 2,162 generations ago. The population then severely decreased even more to its current size in the last few generations. We simulated 100 genomes under a two-epoch demographic model inferred for vaquita by \textcite{robinson2022critically},
```

Reviewer 2: @klohmueller I'm going to commit @petrelharp's suggestion here. If it's not okay by you, feel free to open a new PR or just raise an issue

    \label{Discussion}
    In this paper, we have presented an important new addition to the \stdpopsim{} library
    that enables the simulation of genetic variation in the presence of selection.

>     We have demonstrated the utility of this new API by showing several illustritive exampls of how it can be used to benchmark

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    We have demonstrated the utility of this new API by showing several illustritive examples of how it can be used to benchmark
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    We have demonstrated the utility of this new API by showing several illustrative examples of how it can be used to benchmark
```

Reviewer 2: @petrelharp -- fixing another typo I spotted
